[Fix] Inner Rack based methods return blank values fixed (#1221)
github/view_component: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## main

> * Return properly values for `request.path` and `request.query_string` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Return correct values for `request.path` and `request.query_string` methods when using the `with_request_url` test helper.
```
